Expand and collapse buttons added to Legend Items (#9197)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/print_composer/composer_items/composer_legend.rst

  order, group layers, remove and restore items in the list, edit layer names
  and symbology and add a filter.

>   * Use the |expandTree| and |collapseTree| buttons to expand or collapse the
>     layout legend tree. The |expandTree| button will expand all the groups and
>     subgroups in the legend tree. The |collapseTree| button will collapse all 
>     the groups and subgroups in the legend tree. Ensure that the :guilabel:`Auto update`
>     is unchecked to use these buttons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Use the |expandTree| :sup:`Expand all` and |collapseTree| :sup:`Collapse all` buttons
    to respectively expand or collapse all the groups and subgroups in the legend tree. 
    Ensure that the :guilabel:`Auto update` is unchecked to use these buttons.
```
With the buttons having a tooltip I think we can skip the double repetition.
We could also consider adding the tooltips to the other buttons now that they are available (https://github.com/qgis/QGIS/pull/37193)
